The Labyrinth is a maze of suspended walkways with locked gates and teleportaton
gates.  The Labyrinth is the stronghold of the priests and it is where they
have taken Andria to be sacrificed.  There are several levels to the Labyrinth,
each being connected to the others through the teleportaion gates.  On the
accompanying maps, you will see these gates, some with letters, others without.
The lettered gates teleport the player to the gate with the matching letter
on it, regardless of whether this is on the same level, or a different level.
The gates without any letters will always be near a large crystal floating over
a pool of water.  These gates are activated by magical crystals and the color
of the crystal(s) determines where the gate will teleport the player.

For example: If the player puts a red crystal into the pool underneath the
floating crystal, the floating crystal turns read and the nearby gate becomes
active.  When the player steps through the gate he will be teleported to the
red gate.  If he puts a red and a blue crystal into the pool, the crystal will
turn purple (red + blue), etc...

In order to get the different colored crystals, the player must sacrafice a
soul to the soul eaters.  There are three soul eaters spead throughout the
Labyrinth, each giving the player a different colored crystal (reg, green, or
blue).



Here is a walkthough for how to get through the Labyrinth.

You begin at the gate at the top of the Starting Level.
You may take either of the teleportation gates (A or D).
These will both take you to the Green Level.
If you took A, follow the path around the top until you get to teleportation
gate B.
If you took D, follow the path to gate E and then from the other gate E, follow
the maze down to gate B.
Gate B takes you to the Cyan Level, where you can get to gate C.
Gate C returns you to the Green Level where you can get your first crystal (the
red crystal).
Now you can go back the way you came and use the red crystal to open the green
gate, or you can go to gate L which will take you back to the Cyan Level and
you can open the cyan gate.
Using the red crystal will take you to the red gate on the Red Level.
Follow the paths to gate F.
Gate F will take you back to the Cyan Level where you will go through the
prison area to reach gate G.
Gate G will take you back to the Red Level where you will go through gate H.
Gate H moves you to the bottom left of the Red Level where you can fight your
way through the priestly guards to get the blue crystal.
Gate J is a short cut that takes you to the Yellow Level where you can fight
your way through to use the yellow gate or you can back track to the red gate.
Once at a gate, you can either use the blue crystal or a red and blue crystal
(to get purple) to take you to the Blue / Purple Level.
Once here, you can see the green skull, but you can't get to it yet.
Follow the maze around to the multiple gates, and go into gate O.
All the other gates will lead you nowhere.
Gate O will take you (after quite a bit of fighting) to gate S.
Gate S takes you to the green skull to get the green crystal.
Now, once you can get to the White Level (a red, green, & blue crystal) where
you can proceed to the pyramid and the end game sequence.
